Hey.
What is this?
This...
The dead person is not Liu Jiang.
To be exact,
this person
was not murdered.
The autopsy revealed
that there were
multiple irregular masses in his body.
The cut surface was grayish-white,
brittle and hard in texture,
with unclear boundaries from the surrounding tissue,
which is consistent with the morphology of a primary malignant tumor.
He died
of cancer.
Captain Sun,
did Liu Jiang
have cancer?
Probably not.
Even if he did,
he couldn't have died so quickly.
Moreover,
in the remaining skin folds after burning,
there are dark green,
branch-like patterns.
The bones also showed longitudinal splitting due to dehydration after burning.
All these prove
that his time of death
was thirty-six hours before he was burned.
If it's not Liu Jiang,
then who is he?
Hello?
Okay.
At Xifeng Mountain,
another case was discovered.
Found while walking the dog.
The body parts weren't buried deep,
so the dog dug them right up.
The person who found the body said
this area
was closed off recently
and just reopened.
The killer probably didn't know it reopened
and dumped the body here.
He probably doesn't live nearby.
Li Zhen,
what's the situation?
Here's the current situation.
Judging from the decomposition,
the victim has been dead for at least ten days.
The body parts found so far,
two legs and two arms,
were all severed at the joints.
The cuts are clean.
But the decomposition is too severe.
For specifics,
we need to do a further autopsy.
Zhen.
These two both seem to be right arms.
Brother Yan.
Where should we investigate?
What do you think?
I think...
I think if this person died of cancer,
the hospital must have records.
It's also possible he died at home.
Then,
the village committee,
sub-district office,
or police station
must have issued a death certificate.
Moreover,
based on his
time of death,
cause of death,
and age,
it will be easy to find out who he is.
Then how did he end up
burned in Liu Jiang's hometown?
Also,
where is Liu Jiang?
Liu Jiang.
He is
with the killer.
The killer was just like us.
When they arrived,
the fire had already started,
so they left in a hurry.
So you mean...
We should go back to the scene.
This one should belong to a man.
There are calluses on the hand.
He must have done manual labor.
The skin on the back of this female hand
has developed diamond-shaped patterns.
She was around forty years old.
This manicure...
Bai Cheng,
if you ladies get a manicure,
how long does it usually last?
Like this one,
a month at most.
Xiaohan,
take a picture of this,
and search all nail salons in the city.
Okay.
Liu Jiang's clothes and ID card
were all on that corpse.
He was burned under Liu Jiang's identity.
If Liu Jiang is dead,
who benefits the most?
Liu Jiang.
But Liu Jiang owed a lot of debt
and was threatened by the killer.
So in order to survive,
he resorted to this bad plan.
He knew the secret in the photo.
He had something
to hide.
So only death
could settle everything.
Around 8:30 PM.
Liu Jiang got out of the taxi
at the intersection.
At around 9:30,
we found the fire scene.
In just one hour,
where did he get the body?
Besides,
he didn't have a vehicle.
So where could he go?
Many people have been getting this style lately.
Nana,
take a look.
Is this the style you made?
Let me see.
It looks
like I made it.
The scar on this hand...
I remember now.
I even asked her how she got this scar.
We talked quite a lot.
She even became a member after getting it done here.
Do you have the membership file?
I'll go get it.
What did this woman look like?
Do you still remember?
What's going on here?
We received a report
saying that his family's grave
was maliciously dug up,
and the corpse was stolen.
Okay.
We got it.
Lin Xiao.
Put it away.
There might be fingerprints on it.
Okay.
The female victim
is Pan Shuping.
She was 41 years old
and a local resident.
She divorced four years ago.
No contact with her ex-husband?
She had no fixed occupation.
She made a living selling direct sales products.
Her social relations were complex.
She has no fixed address.
She's said to be staying with a friend,
but this friend...
Who is it exactly?
Another headless corpse.
Sir, can we merge this with the serial murder case?
I think the M.O. is too similar.
I don't think it's the same killer.
The dismemberment and burial methods
are completely different from the previous cases.
But...
What if the killer
intentionally changed their M.O.?
The fact that the corpse is headless,
I think is more than just a coincidence.
Exactly.
In such a small place like ours,
there can't possibly be
two killers making headless corpses at once, right?
What do you think, sir?
Currently,
forensics are still investigating.
But we can't rule out
the possibility of merging the cases.
But right now,
our main task...
Is to confirm
the identity of this male corpse.
Yan,
lend us a few guys.
What's wrong?
Hurry.
Brother Yan.
Man, I'm dying of thirst.
I'll tell you after I catch my breath.
I feel alive again.
We went to the suburban train station
to check the surveillance to see if Liu Jiang showed up
and his possible escape route.
But there's too much information at the ticket office.
We need some extra hands to help out.
Would a guy like Liu Jiang
behave himself
and buy a ticket at the ticket office when he's on the run?
He definitely looked for a scalper.
Right?
Scalpers.
Actually easier to find.
Do you know him?
This guy.
I've seen him.
He just bought a ticket from me yesterday.
Yes.
This guy came to me yesterday
and bought a ticket to Nanxing.
He told me he wanted the earliest departure
and to go as far as possible.
He also said
the more stops, the better.
At that time,
there were only tickets to Nanxing left.
You are no longer needed.
You can go.
Alright.
Captain Sun,
call me anytime.
But Master,
how are you so amazing?
How do you know everyone?
It depends on the person
and the situation.
Then we will contact the Nanxing police right now.
He definitely won't go to Nanxing.
Ah.
So,
this Liu Jiang
bought the ticket with the most stops and the furthest destination,
meaning he could get off at any time,
making it hard for us to find him.
He's just betting
that our police force and resources are limited
and we can't check every station,
thinking we can't catch up with him.
There's no need to chase him.
Liu Jiang's daughter
was born while he was in prison.
She was over two years old
when Liu Jiang was released.
You mean
Liu Jiang will contact his family
and his daughter?
The one he worries about the most
is his daughter.
Jia Peng, Lin Xiao,
send someone
to keep an eye on his house.
Xiaohan,
To all the stations along the route,
send an investigation notice.
Okay.
I need to go to the technical investigation department.
Pan Shuping's internet records
are out.
I'll go to Mr. Wang's place
to see if the DNA from the secret room
is out.
Doing this
is not only good for Liu Jiang,
but also for you.
Officer.
If
you catch him,
what will happen to him?
It depends on the court.
But as for his current situation,
if he can turn himself in time,
it's not too serious.
If you can cooperate with us
and persuade him to surrender,
we will definitely apply for leniency.
The child also needs a father.
Don't you agree?
I will cooperate.
Then what
do I need to do?
Live a normal life.
But if there's any abnormality,
you must notify us.
We will protect you.
We checked Pan Shuping's online chat records.
I found her most frequent contact is this,
'Everyone Says I'm Handsome'.
And this person, just like Pan Shuping,
hasn't logged in for over 10 days.
Did you find out who it is?
I checked.
It's Lu Wei.
Lu Wei?
The one from before?
Yes.
Yes, it's Lu Wei from the Qiao Sisi case,
who thought he was in a hit-and-run.
At first,
I really thought I ran over a stray dog.
I got out of the car to look.
That thing wasn't a dog at all.
After testing,
there is indeed
Qiao Sisi's DNA in the secret room.
But,
as for the cement floor you mentioned,
the blood has seeped into the ground.
Then,
someone used a large amount of soapy water.
He washed the floor,
and the soapy water seeped into the ground.
Through
drying
and evaporation,
it just happened to
form a crystalline layer on the surface of the blood.
It's like
putting a layer of plastic wrap over the DNA.
Amber.
Like amber.
Amber on the concrete floor.
This bastard
unintentionally left behind evidence.
When is
this blood from?
That's impossible to determine.
But we know
her name is Guan Jing.
Five years ago,
our place was listed as
the special anti-trafficking operation's
new technology pilot unit.
All missing women and children
had to come and have their DNA recorded.
And hers was
a perfect match.
On August 9, 2005,
someone reported Guan Jing missing.
But on August 12,
the informant withdrew the case,
saying she was found
and sent to the hospital for an acute illness,
not missing.
Who reported it?
108228 Li Ting.
1082 Li Ting.
Yan.
We found the person who took the Minox camera.
You did?
Yes.
Nominally,
it was ordered by an old leader of the photography association,
but he actually knew nothing about it.
I found out from the mailroom of the Photography Association
that someone subscribed and picked it up on their behalf.
This person's ID information is recorded.
The name is...
Li Ting.
Who?
2005.
You (unit) in 2005—